linked-list/README.md, before:

# Singly Linked List
Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the Node, and a pointer to the next Node.



## Challenge
Linked List
Create a Linked List class
Within your Linked List class, include a head property.
Upon instantiation, an empty Linked List should be created.
The class should contain the following methods
insert
Arguments: value
Returns: nothing
Adds a new node with that value to the head of the list with an O(1) Time performance.
includes
Arguments: value
Returns: Boolean
Indicates whether that value exists as a Node’s value somewhere within the list.
to string
Arguments: none
Returns: a string representing all the values in the Linked List, formatted as:
"{ a } -> { b } -> { c } -> NULL"
Any exceptions or errors that come from your code should be semantic, capture-able errors. For example, rather than a default error thrown by your language, your code should raise/throw a custom, semantic error that describes what went wrong in calling the methods you wrote for this lab.
Be sure to follow your language/frameworks standard naming conventions (e.g. C# uses PascalCasing for all method and class names).

## Structure and Testing

Utilize the Single-responsibility principle: any methods you write should be clean, reusable, abstract component parts to the whole challenge. You will be given feedback and marked down if you attempt to define a large, complex algorithm in one function definition.

Write tests to prove the following functionality:

Can successfully instantiate an empty linked list
Can properly insert into the linked list
The head property will properly point to the first node in the linked list
Can properly insert multiple nodes into the linked list
Will return true when finding a value within the linked list that exists
Will return false when searching for a value in the linked list that does not exist
Can properly return a collection of all the values that exist in the linked list

## Approach & Efficiency

TIME: O(n) as the linkedlist is linear, and is constant. linear time efficiency

SPACE: O(1) as we add one space each time

## API
<!-- Description of each method publicly available to your Linked List -->

## UML

![](codechallenge05uml.PNG)

## Credits

Consult from jamiguel23 for tests.

Commit message:

temp placeholder, need help with this one

linked-list/README.md, after:

# Challenge Summary
Write a function called zip lists
Arguments: 2 linked lists
Return: New Linked List, zipped as noted below
Zip the two linked lists together into one so that the nodes alternate between the two lists and return a reference to the the zipped list.
Try and keep additional space down to O(1)
You have access to the Node class and all the properties on the Linked List class as well as the methods created in previous challenges.

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/merge-a-linked-list-into-another-linked-list-at-alternate-positions/

Using this for assistance.
?
## Whiteboard Process
![](codechallenge08uml.PNG)

## Approach & Efficiency
Edge cases: Uneven sides (list 1 with only 2 nodes, and list 2 with 3 nodes and vice versa)

## Solution
<!-- Show how to run your code, and examples of it in action -->



# Singly Linked List
Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the Node, and a pointer to the next Node.


## Challenge
Linked List
Create a Linked List class
Within your Linked List class, include a head property.
Upon instantiation, an empty Linked List should be created.
The class should contain the following methods
insert
Arguments: value
Returns: nothing
Adds a new node with that value to the head of the list with an O(1) Time performance.
includes
Arguments: value
Returns: Boolean
Indicates whether that value exists as a Node’s value somewhere within the list.
to string
Arguments: none
Returns: a string representing all the values in the Linked List, formatted as:
"{ a } -> { b } -> { c } -> NULL"
Any exceptions or errors that come from your code should be semantic, capture-able errors. For example, rather than a default error thrown by your language, your code should raise/throw a custom, semantic error that describes what went wrong in calling the methods you wrote for this lab.
Be sure to follow your language/frameworks standard naming conventions (e.g. C# uses PascalCasing for all method and class names).

## Structure and Testing

Utilize the Single-responsibility principle: any methods you write should be clean, reusable, abstract component parts to the whole challenge. You will be given feedback and marked down if you attempt to define a large, complex algorithm in one function definition.

Write tests to prove the following functionality:

Can successfully instantiate an empty linked list
Can properly insert into the linked list
The head property will properly point to the first node in the linked list
Can properly insert multiple nodes into the linked list
Will return true when finding a value within the linked list that exists
Will return false when searching for a value in the linked list that does not exist
Can properly return a collection of all the values that exist in the linked list

## Approach & Efficiency

TIME: O(n) as the linkedlist is linear, and is constant. linear time efficiency

SPACE: O(1) as we add one space each time

## API
<!-- Description of each method publicly available to your Linked List -->

## UML

![](codechallenge05uml.PNG)

## Credits

Consult from jamiguel23 for tests.
